I want to make an evolution simulator that is capable of evolving new organic 
methods of development. It can evolve the algorithms of development, not just
the parameters of some predefined algorithm or structured datatype that defines
the phenotype directly from the genotype.

The development stage will be based on a reaction-diffusion system of
morphogens that can mathematically interact in a networked way, a bit like
neural networks meets reaction diffusion in order to mimic genetic regulatory
networks and DNA binding proteins in biology, specifically cis-regulatory
modules.

Evolvable developmental algorithms (genetically encoded decoders/cellular 
automaton) require a stable multi-species, multi-phylum evolution algorithm,
so that several competing phylum, with different developmental systems, are
able to trial several different species that each feed different parameters
into a similar developmental system. In order to make this feasible, there
ought to be periods of isolation between many desparate populations of
organisms that are only occasionally put into direct competition, so that each
phylum has a chance to explore the parameter space of it's own developmental
algorithm. In addition, competition /= reproductive compatibility in the case
that I implement some kind of sexual reproduction scheme, so that independant
systems of development aren't weighed down by their own doomed crossbreeds.

The periodic competition between groups could be implemented by occasional
migration between the discrete groups.

Each group/isolated environment could have a population limit, some large, some
small. Maybe it's configured in a fractal way, so that there groups of nodes
with some rate of migration between them, and that group of nodes is in a
larger network of other groups of nodes with some lesser degree of migration.
In hopes that a complex array of different solution to the problem can be
thoroughly enumerated.

The problem I'd like to solve with this evolutionary model is PolyBridge,
because it should let me see visually the structural problems the evolutionary
algorithm as a whole is trying to solve, and easily evaluate the ability of
different phyla to co-evolve.

Development Steps:
• Design an evolutionary algorithm, that supports some turring-complete
	developmental language
	• Using Gene Regulatory Network as developmental language, which acts on a
		cellularized organism topology (nodes and edges are cells, grid is cells?
		cell type morphogen endogenous)
	• GRN is encoded in genome data structure, specifically designating GRN layout,
		weights, and interactions. Mutations to the structure are defined for every
		element, including addition, deletion, duplication, enable/disable (for
		inactive, but still mutatable elements)
• Recreate polybridge
	• Create bridge datastructure
		• simply defines a bridge structure
	• Create bridge editor mode
        • Get a GUI running
		• create renderer for bridge structure
		• create interface for editing bridge structure
	• Choose a physics engine
        • Box2D
	• Create bridge simulator
    • Probably time for a refactor?
